Power BI Exam DA-100.md, before:

Power BI Exam DA-100

{Work in Process, Stay Tuned}

`
Data Analysts enable businesses to maximize the value of their data assets by using Microsoft Power BI. As a subject matter expert, Data Analysts are responsible for designing and building scalable data models, cleaning and transforming data, and enabling advanced analytic capabilities that provide meaningful business value through easy-to-comprehend data visualizations. Data Analysts also collaborate with key stakeholders across verticals to deliver relevant insights based on identified business requirements.

The Data Analyst should have a fundamental understanding of data repositories and data processing both on-premises and in the cloud.
`

* [Exam DA-100: Analyzing Data with Microsoft Power BI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/certifications/exams/da-100)

## Skills measured
### Prepare the data (20-25%)
##### Get data from different data sources
* [Connect to data sources in Power BI Desktop](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/connect-data/desktop-connect-to-data) - Microsoft Docs

### Model the data (25-30%)
### Visualize the data (20-25%)
### Analyze the data (10-15%)
### Deploy and maintain deliverables (10-15%)

Commit message:

Update Power BI Exam DA-100.md
Connect to an Access database

Power BI Exam DA-100.md, after:

Power BI Exam DA-100

{Work in Process, Stay Tuned}

`Data Analysts enable businesses to maximize the value of their data assets by using Microsoft Power BI. As a subject matter expert, Data Analysts are responsible for designing and building scalable data models, cleaning and transforming data, and enabling advanced analytic capabilities that provide meaningful business value through easy-to-comprehend data visualizations. Data Analysts also collaborate with key stakeholders across verticals to deliver relevant insights based on identified business requirements.

The Data Analyst should have a fundamental understanding of data repositories and data processing both on-premises and in the cloud.`

* [Exam DA-100: Analyzing Data with Microsoft Power BI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/certifications/exams/da-100)

## Skills measured
### Prepare the data (20-25%)
##### Get data from different data sources
* [Connect to data sources in Power BI Desktop](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/connect-data/desktop-connect-to-data) - Microsoft Docs
* [Connect to an Access database (Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6s0osmRCZ4&list=PL1N57mwBHtN0JFoKSR0n-tBkUJHeMP2cP&index=6) - Power BI

### Model the data (25-30%)
### Visualize the data (20-25%)
### Analyze the data (10-15%)
### Deploy and maintain deliverables (10-15%)
